The contents of this transaction was created by Hedley Francis
of ARM on 19-Feb-2008.

It contains the ARM data versions listed below.

This data, unless otherwise stated, is ARM Proprietary and access to it
is subject to the agreements indicated below.

If you experience problems with this data, please contact ARM support
quoting transaction reference <97414>.

 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

- OX002-SW-98010-r0p0-00bet1
  Video codecs - optimised code
  V7 code release for Hantro (Ver 1.0.2)
  internal access

 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

This transaction contains deliverables which are designated as being of
beta release status (BET).

Beta release status has a particular meaning to ARM of which the recipient
must be aware. Beta is a pre-release status indicating that the deliverable
so described is believed to robustly demonstrate specified behaviour, to be
consistent across its included aspects and be ready for general deployment.
But Beta also indicates that pre-release reliability trials are ongoing and
that it is possible residual defects or errors in operation, consistency
and documentation may still be encountered. The recipient should consider
this position when using this Beta material supplied. ARM will normally
attempt to provide fixes or a work-around for defects identified by the
recipient, but the provision or timeliness of this support cannot be
guaranteed. ARM shall not be responsible for direct or consequential
damages as a result of encountering one or more of these residual defects.
By accepting a Beta release, the recipient agrees to these constraints and
to providing reasonable information to ARM to enable the replication of the
defects identified by the recipient. The specific Beta version supplied
will not be supported after release of a later or higher status version.
It should be noted that Support for the Beta release of the deliverable
will only be provided by ARM to a recipient who has a current support and
maintenance contract for the deliverable.


 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

In addition to the data versions listed above, this transaction contains
two additional files at the top level.

The first is this file, ARM_DELIVERY_97414.TXT, which is the delivery
note.

The second is ARM_MANIFEST_97414.TXT which contains a manifest of all the
files included in this transaction, together with their checksums.

The checksums provided are calculated using the RSA Data Security, Inc.
MD5 Message-Digest Algorithm.

The checksums can be used to verify the integrity of this data using the
"md5sum" tool (which is part of the GNU "textutils" package) by running:

  % md5sum --check ARM_MANIFEST_97414.TXT

